Hi everyone, here I am the new tiber
way
this time I am very sure that this
My gift I will love it
it is precisely the first for
preparing at home and cosmetics
I know that in those of two they follow me though
do not make cosmetics at home so I have
thought to give you a real one
beginner's kit
so I now I'll show you
what he decided to give you and it is
all practically in this little box
which of course you will receive just like that
with box then also the box e
can be very pretty true e
inside there are precisely the subjects
first I decided to give you the great one
part of these raw materials have been
buy starter essence which is a
very raw material store
similar to the vernile also a lot of supplier
also its prices so give yourself
take a look then start right away
pd within certain cocoa butter
27 grams then shea butter are 40
grams and this is for those who love them
which per thousand is 30 grams and is
practically an exciting one for
prepare the creams at home
there was data and it is 20 grams of wax given
indispensable celina lakes 20 grams of
glycerin together with santana that
are five grams then essential oils of
theaters and or want to feel purifying
suitable for skin for hair
in short, a little for everything is the last of the
Pimples is also used for
cure dandruff so great than i
shampoos these are 10 billion tea tree oil
and if you see victim with and half empty and
because the 25 ml bottle in the see
within 10 ml
essential limoli as you can see the
vial and however closed therefore it is
was sent just like this by the company
then the preservative
this is the breast nip there was no cosv
however guard is a preservative the same yes
uses 0.5 percent on 100 grams
of product and these are 25 ml then oil
sweet almond is 50 ml you can
use for body hair
in short, as you prefer, then two thirds
activate the south pole 30 to 50 ml and it is
practically the sarkozy born and the name
the sider caterpillar which of course it
we find practically everywhere and they are 53
grams
we bring product inside
this box and the fragrance this is
the line type fragrance I thought that
could go and drink a little at all no
and these are 10 ml these are the
ni products that are in this one
little box and nothing to take part in two
the rules are the same before telling you
the rules will alert you that they like
youtube does not warn you when the video
I'm afraid the winner won't see
precisely his name I thought of
subscribe to the info box when per
whole video with the winner then
you will find the date on which to upload
the video so you can come these a
see who won how it will last two
weeks starting today and the rules
they are always the same must be
subscribers to the channel to register
describe yourself to my share channel
this video on facebook and also
leave all the comments you prefer
under this video and last thing though
ne resident in Italy
so this is all I want to tell you
10,000 times thank you you are really into
so many for me from a goal really is
a goal achieved thanks to you
so thank you thank you so much thank you
I send a big kiss in my mouth